hey everyone welcome back to Mindy's
blind bags so today I have something
from the littlest pet shop collection
it's one of the mystery bags from these
party styling pets collection minty and
I love be blind bags from Louis pet shop
don't we nity yeah it's kind of becoming
an addiction alright guys well let's see
which pet we got today oh oh oh look how
cute it's a little doggy oh this is
adorable alright guys I went to go look
this one up and make sure which dog it
was and this is a Jack Russell Terrier
and I love the fact that she has a cute
little bow right above her eye she's a
bright happy yellow color with some
really pretty green eyes oh this is a
really cute dog busy I think there's
something wrong with this puppy oh
you're right she's probably starving
alright well go get her some food okay
oh thanks Mindy forgetting the dog eat
some food he looks like she was really
hungry oh wait I think we have a new
problem now oh no it looks like you had
to go to the bathroom too hey Mitchie do
you think you could clean that up oh
well I guess I'll have to clean it up
then all right well thank you guys for
watching today's Mitzi's blind bag video
if you guys liked it please go ahead and
hit that like button and if you're not a
subscriber go ahead and subscribe to at
thanks guys so much for watching we'll
see you in the next Mickey's video